Fix/XSUP-67021/Demisto Lock fixed version issues (#44469)
demisto/content: Packs/DemistoLocking/ReleaseNotes/1_1_13.md

#### Integrations

##### Demisto Lock

> - Fixed an issue where ***demisto-lock-get*** and ***demisto-lock-release*** commands could fail to acquire or release locks successfully under high concurrency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the ***demisto-lock-get*** and ***demisto-lock-release*** commands failed to acquire or release locks under high concurrency.
```
